1. *Slug field copies the value set for the Model field*
Description: On add new device type page, the slug field copies the value entered
for the model field just by clicking anywhere on the page including slug field.

Steps to reproduce:
1. Go to add new device type page
2. Populate Model input field
3. Click outside of the Model field

Expected result: Slug field remains unpopulated
Actual result: Slug field populates with same value as Model field


2. *Height (U) step 0.1 value does not trigger appropriate message*
Description: If the value for step smaller than 0.1 (example 0.01) is set as
height value, the error "This field is required." is displayed instead of 
appropriate step error.

Steps to reproduce:
1. Go to add new device type page
2. Populate Manufacturer, Model and Slug fields
3. Input 0.01 for Height (U) field

Expected result: Error message "Decimal step should not be smaller than 0.1"
is displayed.
Actual result: Error message "This field is required." is displayed.


3. *Height (U) reporting error on valid input value
Description: If the value for the height is 4 digit integer number, error
is displayed and device type cannot be created

Steps to reproduce:
1. 1. Go to add new device type page
2. Populate Manufacturer, Model and Slug fields
3. Input 1111 for Height (U) field

Expected result: Device type is created with the Height value 1111
Actual result: Error message "Ensure that there are no more than 3 digits before the decimal point." is displayed.


4. *Device cannot be deleted*
Description: Newly created device cannot be deleted, error message in alert "Deletion is prevented by a protection rule: ["Custom validation failed for status: [\'Ensure this value is equal to decommissioning.\]"

Steps to reproduce:
1. Create new device
2. Click on delete button and confirm delete

Expected result: Device is deleted
Actual result: Error message "Deletion is prevented by a protection rule: ["Custom validation failed for status: [\'Ensure this value is equal to decommissioning.\]" is displayed in alert